[Applause]
roll
[Music]
camera same bed but it feels just a
little bit bigger now
our song on the radio but it don't sound
the
same when our friends talk about you all
it does is just tear me
down cuz my heart breaks a little when I
hear your name it all just sounds
like too young too dumb too
realize that I should have brought you
flowers and held your hand should I gave
you all my
hours when I had the chance take it to
everybody cuz all you wanted to do was
dance now my baby dancing but she's
dancing with another man
my bride my ego my needs and my selfish
ways caused a good strong woman like you
to walk out my
life now I never never get to clean up
the mess I made
oh and that hunts me every time I close
my eyes it all just sounds like
like too young too dumb to
realize that I should have brought you
flowers and held your hand should I gave
you all my
hours when I had the chance take you to
everybody cuz all you wanted to do was
dance
now my baby's dancing but she's dancing
with another
man although it
hurts I'll be the first to say that I
was
wrong oh I know I'm probably much too
late to try and apologize for my
mistakes but I just want you
know I hope he buys you
flowers I hope he holds your
hand give you all his
hours when he has the
chance take you to every party cuz I
remember how much you love to dance do
all the things I should have
done When I Was Your Man
do all the things I should have